well I gotta say the US Conference of
Bishops wrapped up their annual meeting
on Saturday Cardinal Mahony said quote
we need to make the church safe again so
the bishop is have set up a committee to
work on ways to make the church a safer
place all right father let me get this
thing straight now
the goal we're after here is to rid the
Church of all suspicious activities I
flew Royce I see plenty of likely
candidates
maybe if we tossed out all the
suspicious priests who were given
unorthodox sermons you know like Father
Damon and Ohio know if you heard about
him he actually give us 6 o'clock mass
compared in the Sermon on the Mount with
Isaac Mizrahi's speech at the vh1 Awards
that's something to look for yes yeah as
it be the one who wants other people
lining up for communion well he made the
church organist play if they can see me
now I wasn't bad though I must say but
it's the same guy now father the father
McNamara another one father McNamara
Connecticut had to be curtailed on
several practices that I think are
suspect first of all I say no more
Church outings to miracles on ice and
secondly no more Church picnics in the
rest area off of i-95
and somebody's gotta tell them you don't
light a candle for the new Justin
Timberlake album that's the same fellow
that misrepresented the parables is he
not oh yes he did he did indeed Jesus
did not have many parables where the
prodigal son stayed away from home and
only came back for weddings and funerals
usually in the company of a striking
young Philistine there's a fellow here
in Massachusetts father Dunlavey who's
gonna be a problem the Cardinal law
cannot keep his respect if he's known as
the old Queen that signs my paycheck
that's a red flag that's a red flag
right there and I don't think I don't
think he can reveal Envy for Jesus
because he was shredded and you can't
get rid of the love handles no no you
can't now you've got a smoking gun right
here what about the bishop when the
bishop comes out dressed in his red
robes you don't yell oh she's got to be
kidding at her age talk about your
smoking gun that was I'll tell you how
I'd keep an eye on who would that be sir
this fella just outside of Chicago
Father Cahill you know another Irishman
he summed up the exoneree treat with the
Benedictine monks he summed it up this
way he says too much Benedictine not
enough monk is that the same one that
ordered the stained-glass window of the
guy from the Bowflex commercial
my guys just figured out hey he's a big
fan of words you can't say on television
yeah well actually I've updated that a
little bit now I have seven new words
seven seven new ones you can tell this
yeah yeah welcome to the Jim Norton Show
everybody how's that grub conjunct you
sucking mother
she was calling just called us sucker
I know it's great
you